---
title: Godrej Tranquil- A shifting view of homeownership
date: 2019-08-19 12:49:00 Z
---

Kandivali East is one of the most established regions in suburbs of Mumbai. It is really a group of townships, towns and up and coming business and mechanical edifices. Prior known as Khandolee, Kandivali East land has been catching the consideration of designers since recent years. The dynamic change seen by the area is obviously noticeable through its all-around created framework and in addition contemporary private structures. Being one of the oldest parts of the city, it is a premier residential area as far as Kandivali East real estate is concerned. The suburb is connected well with major landmarks of Mumbai through Western Express Highway. As a result, there has always been a high demand for residential apartments in Kandivali East, being one of the noted suburbs in Mumbai. So here we have Godrej group with its flagship luxurious residential project [Godrej Tranquil.](https://homecapital.in/projectDetailsPublic/Godrej-Tranquil-2bhk)

Godrej Tranquil offers very good social infrastructure to its residents. Some of the reputed schools in the neighbourhood include the Children’s Academy Ashok Nagar, Gundecha Education Academy, Ryan International School, etc. Some of the leading hospitals in Kandivali east include the Om Sai Super Speciality Hospital Pvt Ltd, Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital, Apex Hospital, etc. The shopping needs of the residents are catered by malls in Kandivali east such as the Moksh Plaza Mall, Raghuleela Mall, Oberoi Mall Goregaon, etc.

Kandivali east has many gated networks and extravagance condos. It offers magnificent availability and social framework and these are the significant explanations behind its quick development. In this manner, there is no denying that Kandivali east is absolutely a standout amongst other spots to live in Mumbai. Further, considering the value slants in Kandivali east and the rising interest, the area will turn out to be a decent speculation district in the future. There will be great energy about property rates in the region and with various activities which are being created, the territory will just become further. So what are you waiting for? Book your dream home now!

The project is developed by Godrej Properties, a real estate development group focussed on delivering best in its segment and high-value residential apartments. Godrej properties are one of the few national developers with its presence in leading residential markets in the country. Godrej has one of the best execution track records in the residential real estate sector. Experienced management team with a proven track record in real estate development, supported by world-renowned architectural and construction management consultants. Strong financial strength and high corporate governance. Focussed on timely delivery of the projects with high construction quality. Excellent customer relationship management and support.

In recent years, Godrej Properties has received over 200 awards and recognitions, including the “Real Estate Company Of The Year” at the Construction Week India Awards 2015, ‘Golden Peacock Award for Sustainability’ for the year 2015 by Institute Of Directors (IOD), “Most Reliable Builder for 2014” at the CNBC AWAAZ Real Estate Awards 2014, “Innovation Leader in Real Estate” award at the NDTV Property Awards 2014 and “Popular Choice – Developer of the Year” award by ET NOW in 2013.