---
title: The Wadhwa Atmosphere - Experience World at your Fingertips
date: 2019-08-31 17:34:00 +05:30
---

When talking about living, the most beautiful question that comes to mind is - What is Life? While trying to find the answer, I came across various expressions that defined it in a different way. Some say the endless act of breathing is Life, while others say enjoying with your loved ones is. Or living in a home that you bought after endless sacrifices. An atmosphere of pure happiness, good vibes, and positive life.

One such atmosphere does exist in reality. Enter [The Wadhwa Atmosphere](https://homecapital.in/property/31/wadhwa-atmosphere-2-bhk). A multi-family residential apartment development project located in the most buzzing central suburbs of Mumbai - Mulund. This residential project is aimed at providing its people with the taste of the rich lifestyle with a seamless approach. The inhabitants at Atmosphere will experience the joy of being a part of an easy-going lifestyle that will pamper their mind, body, and soul. All the efforts were put together in order to provide an experience of being at a location with flawless connectivity to rest of the city and other suburban areas.

The prime location of this project is what makes it special. Located at the start of Goregaon-Mulund Link Road, this majestic landmark stands tall overlooking the city between the Eastern Express Highway and the famous LBS Road. This location provides an essential hub that connects to other parts of the city without a hitch. Along with the road network, the Atmosphere is also served by the Nahur and Mulund Railway stations, Nahur being the closest at just 0.35 km. The presence of such transport infrastructures makes this project worth its cost.

Just as there are lots of amenities outside the project, similarly, luxury and conveniences await within the Atmosphere. The developer has put in all the efforts of making the project to take care of all the needs and desires of its people. This residential project consists of 3 high rise towers that include 43 floors of 2 BHK, 2.5 BHK, and 3 BHK apartments. These apartments provide a quality living experience without compromising on anything. Comfort is the number one priority inside these luxurious accommodations. Starting from vitrified tiling in the living room to laminated flooring in the bedroom, from semi-modular kitchens to premium bath fittings, every corner of these apartments are bathed in luxury to provide the feel of modern premium living standards.

Other amenities outside the apartments are as good as what is provided inside. There are modern facilities that await you in the Atmosphere. Enjoy the time with your kids in the swimming pool, spend time watching movies at the mini-theatre. Have fun playing at the squash court and also learn how to skate at the skating rink. Spend quality time with your family in the Landscaped Garden or set your kids free in the children play area. Whatever you do, you will never run out of options of having fun in the Atmosphere. Security is also present and accounted for with video door phones, intercom facility and CCTV in common areas.

The Atmosphere is a result of a rich legacy carried by The Wadhwa Group over half a century that is built on trust and belief. This is backed up by the quality of work and its timely completion making it Mumbai’s one of the leading real estate developers.
