---
title: Pacifica Hillcrest - A Prestigious Venture
date: 2020-10-05 16:38:00 +05:30
tags:
- first time home buying
- new home
- pacifica hillcrest
---

Pacifica Hillcrest is a luxury residential project in Gachibowli, Hyderabad by Pacifica Companies. It is an integrated township project with 6 phases. This project comes with a configuration of 2 BHK, 3 BHK, and 4 BHK. At Hillcrest you will find a blend of modern living, comfort, luxury and affordability all together with the perfect balance and harmony. This is one of the best residential projects in Gachibowli, Hyderabad. This project satisfies the needs of the buyers according to their need of space and budget. The project is spread over a total area of 40 acres of land. Pacifica Hillcrest Phase - 2 comprises 5 towers of 22 floors each, which consist of 1012 units. The apartments have contemporary elevations with hidden service lines and AC ducts. Each unit is designed to receive ample sunlight and ventilation.It has been planned and designed by the globally renowned architect firm – Burt Hill Stantec.

[Pacifica Hillcrest](https://homecapital.in/property/426/pacifica-hillcrest-2-bhk) offers amenities such as jogging track, swimming pool, community hall, gymnasium with a juice bar, banquet, green lawns, party lawn, amphitheatre, kids pool, activity lawn, yoga and aerobics hall, cards room for senior citizens, cafeteria, restaurant and many more. It also offers sports facilities such as cricket pitch, tennis court, table tennis, air hockey, skating rink, basketball court, squash court and badminton court. The apartments at Hillcrest offer ample sunlight and ventilation.

Hillcrest is strategically located to ensure a seamless connectivity with the outer ring road. You will find social infrastructures nearby such as Inorbit Mall, Continental Hospital, Heritage Fresh Supermarket, Shri Ram Universal School, Oakridge International School, DPS, Open Minds, Rockwell, as well as Future kids. You can also find atms and branches of renowned banks such as ICICI, HDFC and Andhra just around the corner.

Pacifica was established in 1978 and is a well-known real estate development company. The company has grown exponentially over three decades due to an unwavering commitment to opportunistic investing, maintaining high levels of liquidity, and having a dedication for finding the right real estate at the right price. Pacifica's vast real estate portfolio includes hotels, mixed use projects, development projects, master planned communities, office, industrial buildings, retail shopping centers, senior housing assets, single tenant leases, multifamily for rent and sale projects and single-family communities throughout the United States, Mexico and India. Pacifica forayed into the Indian real estate industry, commencing operations in 2004-05. Continuing its legacy of unique urban structures across varied asset classes, Pacifica has made quite an impression in the minds of investors across the nation. Focusing primarily on the needs of the burgeoning middle class, the group has leveraged its decades-old experience in real estate to ensure better living experience and optimum space allocation in every project.