---
title: Wishvas by Maverick Realtors - The name you can trust
date: 2020-09-28 17:22:00 +05:30
---

Maverick Realtors has shaped Mumbai's living landscape for the past 30 years. Mavericks have transformed the city towards its future with cutting-edge constructions that reflect the city’s lifestyle. Their projects have earned a reputation for exceptional quality, unparalleled service and out-of-the-box solutions. Maverick Realtors have completed projects spanning 22 lakh square feet, have more than 10 lakh square feet in development and another 25 lakh square feet planned for the coming years.

One of their best creations for today’s topic is [Maverick Wishvas](https://homecapital.in/property/406/Wishvas-1-BHK) located in Bhandup West, Mumbai. Maverick Wishvas has a total of 2 towers. The construction is of 29 floors. An accommodation of 375 units has been provided. The location of this residential space plays an integral role in the life of its residents as it provides the privilege of easy accessibility to various nearby vicinities. In addition to that, there are several health benefits of living in these peaceful apartments since it is based in a good green natural locality which is pure and environmentally friendly. This luxurious project offers apartments with a perfect combination of contemporary architecture and features to provide a comfortable living. The apartments in Maverick Wishvas are available in the configurations of 1 BHK and 2 BHK. The project offers various amenities to its residents like gymnasium, lift, badminton court, jogging track, and swimming pool. The project also has indoor activities such as dartboard and Pool table. For safety and security, the vicinity of the project is under CCTV surveillance. Other offerings include a beautifully landscaped garden, children play area, community hall for hosting functions, and clubhouses for group gatherings.

Bhandup has a developed retail market including a few malls such as Huma Mall, Neptune Magnet Mall, R Galleria, Dream Mall, Filix Towers.The locality has schools and colleges likeSt Xavier's High School, Cosmos English High School, St Francis Xavier's High School,Shri Ram College of Commerce, NES Ratnam College, VK Krishna Menon College, Ramanand Arya DAV College and Jijamata Junior College. The area has many nursing homes, hospitals and dispensaries like Bhavsar Hospital, Saarthi Hospital, Gaurav Hospital and Lotus Hospital. Important areas of employment in the vicinity include Industrial Estate which hub companies like Crompton Greaves, CEAT Tyres and Asian Paints Limited etc. Other nearby hubs along with L.B.S Road (Mulund) which is 5-10 km from the locality houses various pharmaceutical companies such as Galxo and Johnson & Johnson. Bhandup Railway Station on the Central line caters to this area. It is well connected to other parts of the city via Eastern Highway. The Mumbai International Airport is around 15 Km away. The proposed Bhandup Metro Station on Line 4 (Wadala - Mulund - Kasarvadavali) which is tentatively scheduled to open in 2021.

Bhandup West is a developing affordable suburb in Western Mumbai with a mix of residential and commercial properties. Some of the key areas in the locality include Bhandup Complex, Azad Nagar, Lokmanya Nagar, Sarvodaya Nagar. The neighbourhood localities of Bhandup West are Powai & Vihar Lake, Mulund West, Tata Nagar, Bhandup East and Vikhroli. Accel Group, Lodha Group, Kalpataru Group are some of the key developers of the locality developing projects such as Accel Belvedere, Kalpataru Crest, Celestial Tower, Lodha Imperia, etc.