---
title: Godrej Avenues by Godrej Properties
date: 2020-09-23 17:38:00 +05:30
---

Bangalore or Bengaluru is the fifth largest urban economy in India crossing over US$120.4 billion output. This city is also the third largest in terms of population with over 19 million people residing within the city limits as well as in the metropolitan area. With the growing economy and the population, the BBMP or Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike is working towards satisfying the needs of the population to have a better infrastructure as it is its sole duty to look after the civic infrastructure of the city. Like many other major metropolitan cities of India, Bangalore also became a major metropolis right from scratch. Today the city hosts thousands of people working in this IT capital also known as the ‘Silicon Valley of India’.

Many real estate companies have put forward their plans to upgrade the city’s infrastructure. This not only includes residential but also commercial with proper access to transportation to both. Among such aspiring contestants, one such developer stood out with a plan of providing affordable housing partnered with financial institutions to help with financial hurdles, especially the Home Down Payment. The name that stood out to me was very well-known among the real estate players in India - Godrej Properties. They have got a respectable amount of experience in the real estate industry. The group has residential and commercial projects spread across multiple major locations such as Mumbai, Pune, Kolkata, Nagpur, Bangalore, Mangalore, Chennai, Ahmedabad, and Chandigarh.They have a variety of options on their palette for the buyers of differing mindset and budget. You have the opportunity to choose among various properties be it a plot of land, condos, studios or even apartments with variable configurations. Of the various choices, today we are going to talk about one of their recent additions - [Godrej Avenues](https://homecapital.in/property/716/godrej-avenues-3-bhk).

Godrej Avenues is a residential project with 1, 2, 2.5, and 3 BHK apartments respectively. This project is strategically situated at Yelahanka offering excellent connectivity to every hub in Bengaluru including Hebbal, Manyata Tech Park, Whitefield, Malleshwaram, and the Outer Ring Road. Within close proximity you will find all the basic necessities such as Bengaluru City Railway Station, Bus stations, schools, colleges, and entertainment options. The apartments at Avenues are designed to provide a top class quality accommodation and are specifically designed with better nurturing of kids in mind. With over 120 years of experience in all types of services, this surely will convince you to put your trust on this brand when buying this property.

Godrej Avenues offers amenities such as jogging track, infinity pool, community hall, kids outdoor play area, party lawn, 6096 sq. mt. clubhouse, sky lounge at 45.72 metres, stargazing platform, barbeque corner, zen garden, reflexology court, yoga deck, open green spaces, landscaped gardens, walkways, skating rink, futsal court, gymnasium, pool table, foosball, pool table, dart board, checkers, indoor badminton court, mini theatre, dance and music room, indoor games multi-purpose hall and many more. The project also has exclusive lifestyle tie ups with Apollo Pharmacy, EarDrums Music Hub, Just Cricket Academy, Nilgiris Supermarket and Just Books Library. The location of the project plays a very important role in the features of this residential project as it provides easy connections to the city’s major hubs. Yelahanka is one of the fastest growing suburbs in Bangalore and investing in this project is surely a boon in the upcoming years and you will thank yourself later for the investment. The project comes with a variety of payment options as per your needs and budget. You can choose from 1 BHK, 2 BHK, 2.5BHK, and 3 BHK apartments along with the best in class amenities mentioned earlier.

The current pandemic situation has put a heavy strain on the residential property market. With some patience and proper planning, you can easily come up with the decision of buying a home of your choice. And given that the possibility of getting the industry back on track, the developers are surely going to let loose on the leash and will put the pricing right.