---
title: Brigade's El Dorado - The Gold Standard of Living
date: 2020-09-05 08:14:00 +05:30
---

Brigade Group was established in 1986 and now is one of the largest developers. Brigade Group is headquartered in Bengaluru with branches in different cities in southern India and a central office in Dubai. Brigade Group portfolio offers multiple projects across multiple cities like Chennai, Hyderabad, Bengaluru, Mysore, Mangalore, Kochi, and Chikmagalur. Brigade Group specializes in areas of private, industrial, and hospitality and became South India’s first and the country’s sixth company to receive the coveted ISO 9001 certification.

There are various residential projects under the Brigade Group but today we are going to focus on one of their latest offerings - [Brigade El Dorado](https://homecapital.in/property/349/Brigade-El-Dorado-2-BHK). Brigade El Dorado is an urban landscape constructed with stunning and expansive architecture, two world-class clubhouses, outdoor sports facilities, outdoor retail areas, and much more. The project has a systematic approach to community planning, environmental architecture, spread across a 50-acre plot to include a wide 10-acre central park for outdoor facilities and recreational activities.

This new residential apartment project is located in AeroSpace Park, Huvinayakanahalli, Bangalore. El Dorado’s suburban neighborhood apartments are the best within the affordable homes segment of the Brigade Group. The property offers lavish and spacious apartments. The breathtaking landscape of Brigade El Dorado makes it special and exclusive.

Brigade Eldorado’s amenities include two beautifully designed clubhouses, landscaped grounds, gymnasium, indoor pool, fitness center, outdoor sports areas, play area for children, dining space with a 24/7 CCTV security surveillance. Other modern amenities include an open air amphitheater, open lawns for entertainment, a multipurpose hall, and a football field. The project also includes environmentally sustainable programs, such as community gardening, garbage disposal, energy recycling, and water management. The idea preserves a new framework for social friendly projects.

The International Airport is just a 15-minute drive from the project. Popular retail points such as Shell Technology Centre, Manyata Tech Park, Karle SEZ, Kirloskar Business Park, proposed Boeing, and Rolls Royce offices, IT Parks, and many more are also only minutes away. There are also entertainment hubs and shopping malls such as Esteem Mall, Elements Mall, Galleria Mall, Decathlon and Byg Brewsky within a drivable distance. The locality of the project is well known for its clean wide roads, scenic greenery and impeccable infrastructure. Apart from that you can find renowned schools and colleges such as Delhi Public School, VIBGYOR School, Ryan International School, Canadian International School, National Public School, Chrysalis High School, EKYA School, Presidency College, REVA University, CMR University, and Brindavan College nearby. Healthcare services include Aster Hospital and the world renowned Columbia Asia Hospital.

The plan encourages, and respects, inner peace inside a sustainable green world. Currently investing in a Brigade property is a perfect choice for any real estate investor, because this property would be one of the best investment residential properties in North Bengaluru. The Brigade El Dorado idea has a new and innovative vision, with a touch of the outdoor lifestyle. The sense of solidarity helps the Brigade people to establish and develop positive relationships. With Brigade El Dorado, the bar has been further raised, and you are invited to a lifestyle that can well be described as the Gold standard of Community Living!

Brigade Group has also included a [home down payment assistance program](https://homecapital.in/program) by HomeCapital in order to help people buy their dream home early in life rather than waiting to accumulate funds. How this works is that the buyer can avail up to half of the home down payment requirements for buying the property. This will be an interest free credit to be repaid in 12 months. Without any hassle, you can buy your dream home and still have your savings for your future plans.