---
title: Joyville Virar by Shapoorji Pallonji
date: 2020-09-25 17:40:00 +05:30
---

Joyville by Shapoorji Pallonji, is a luxury enclave of magnificent apartments in Mumbai, elevating the contemporary lifestyle. These residential apartments in Mumbai offer the kind of life that rejuvenates you. Joyville is meticulously designed with unbound convenience and the best of amenities. The project offers an effortless blend of modernity and elegance. Shapoorji Pallonji Joyville offers 1 BHK and 2 BHK luxurious apartments in Mumbai. The master plan of Shapoorji Pallonji Joyville comprises a unique design that affirms a world-class lifestyle and a prestigious accommodation.

[Joyville Virar](https://homecapital.in/property/336/joyville-virar-2-bhk) is centrally located 7.3 km from Arnala beach, with malls, entertainment complexes, schools and colleges within a 5 km radius. Residents can also avail of an exclusive bus facility to and from Virar Railway Station. Whether it's an early morning workout to get you revved up for work, or a relaxed afternoon on a Sunday, enjoy an array of life-changing features and amenities with an unmatched combination of style and quality. At Joyville, there exists the virtues of a peaceful environment where you can stay away from your worries and indulge in everything you’ve ever wanted to do!

The amenities at Shapoorji Pallonji Joyville comprise of a landscaped garden, indoor games area, CCTV, swimming pool, gymnasium, play area, lift, club house, cafeteria, car parking, jogging track, 24 hour power backup, basketball court, pool table, party area, skating rink, security, banquet hall, creche, cycling track and fire fighting system. Occupying pride of place in the fast-growing suburb, Joyville Virar’s accessible location and vast umbrella of amenities merge convenience and comfort with ease. A lifetime of memories deserves a beautiful canvas, and Joyville gives you just that. Backed with the strength and expertise of the Shapoorji Pallonji group, the property is all set to become a prominent landmark in Virar’s developing landscape.

Virar is a very good location. It is well connected from Mumbai-Ahmedabad Highway, Mumbai Airport and Virar Railway Station and all the well recognized schools and banks are here.

A home should give you everything you could possibly need, including a space to grow. And by space, it doesn’t just mean physical space, but also what surrounds you, like, the company of like-minded people to inspire you. Wide open spaces to help you dream big. And of course, state-of-the-art amenities that make your life effortless so that you can continue chasing your goals. And 'live to grow'. Keeping this in mind, Shapoorji Pallonji introduced to the world, Joyville. A residential complex that offers not just homes. But a way of life that inspires you to be everything that you aspire to be. Shapoorji Pallonji Real Estate (SPRE) is one the renowned names in the list of prominent real estate developers in India.