---
title: Mahindra Lifespaces Happinest - Find happiness in Happinest
date: 2020-09-17 17:47:00 +05:30
---

Mahindra Happinest was founded with the vision to provide best in class apartments at a very affordable price for the emerging middle class segment. The homeownership is made affordable along with maintaining high quality standards as well as reducing the cost and time within which this project is built. The homes at Mahindra Lifespaces are designed to maximize the utility per square foot so that there’s plenty of room for your family to grow. It is strategically located in an upcoming micromarket of Palghar. This project offers apartments and studio apartments with the perfect combination of contemporary architecture and features to provide comfortable living.

This project is very well thought out to provide the best of everything. The location, amenities and the social infrastructure is designed to facilitate the buyer with ease of living. The accommodations are provided with features that ensure the well-being and comfort of your family and also that you always come home to happiness. [Mahindra Lifespaces Happinest](https://homecapital.in/property/37/Mahindra-Lifespaces-Happinest-1-BHK) Palghar is spread across 8.5 acres of open space which offers a common facility centre, landscape and community areas, game courts and many more facilities that encourages community living. Investing in this project is something that is recommended and you will reap its fruits later in future as this location is prone to future growth. It is soon going to develop under the smart city campaign and to be well known as the most coveted region in Maharashtra. This project is surrounded by various industries such as BIDCO Industrial area, LUPIN, Tata Steels, Siyarams and many more. So finding a job will be easy. The project is close to a proposed upcoming district administrative centre, a new township development by CIDCO, just 20 mins away from Tarapur MIDC, 2 km away from a proposed railway station - Kharale Road, 7 km away from Palghar Railway station, 90 min away from Andheri station and close to the proposed high speed railway between Mumbai and Ahmedabad. Mahindra Lifespaces Happinest provides various amenities to its residents. These include amphitheatre, a badminton court, children’s play area, cricket pitch for those weekend cricket sessions with friends, multipurpose lawn, a club house, indoor games room and a gymnasium. 

Established in the year 1994, Mahindra Lifespaces is one of the leading real estate development companies in India. Committed to providing thoughtfully designed living spaces, the company has developed an impressive number of projects in Mumbai Metropolitan Region, Pune, Nagpur, Ahmedabad, Delhi NCR, Jaipur, Hyderabad, Chennai, and Bengaluru and has won many awards. It strives to transform the urban landscape of the country through its residential developments. It is one of the first real estate companies in India to have committed to the global Science Based Targets initiative.