---
title: Aarambh by Satellite Group - A new Beginning
date: 2020-09-17 17:48:00 +05:30
---


The name ‘Aarambh’ indicates new beginnings, and that is what the Satellite group intend to do with their all new projects! The vision behind Aarambh, right from concept stage onwards was to create positive new beginnings not just for them but for their customers and for the real estate market sector in Mumbai. With their new project, they are providing flats that are designed intelligently with international style architecture but are highly affordable. Satellite Group hoped to make the plush housing segment affordable to our customers and with Aarambh, they are delivering their promise! The brand ‘Aarambh’ denotes positive beginnings with a hope that this project will mark the beginning of something remarkable in Mumbai. Located in Mumbai’s bustling and rapidly transforming western suburb of Malad, with close connectivity to the arterial Western Express Highway, Western Railways as well as multiple metro and monorail stations, the first core attribute of [Satellite Group Aarambh](https://homecapital.in/property/195/aarambh-1-bhk) is its superb regional geography. No other flats from the new projects are as accessible and aptly located. They are the finest builders developing world class homes for their customers.

Their market research has helped them offer the much-needed housing segment for their customers. Satellite Group has spent over a year in conceptualizing, defining and refining Mumbai’s most intelligently designed 1-BHK apartments. Their flats come with 130% space utilization through volumetric design: 11.8 ft. clear ceiling heights, an innovative 70.5 sq. ft flexi-loft, and large format windows. The group is confident that no other home in the city is built in a way that can match their standards. They offer beautiful and expansive 1 BHK flats with 1.5 bathrooms, a long open-plan modular kitchen top and a relatively spacious living room. With unbeatable facilities and amenities, Aarambh is unarguably the best housing property in Mumbai.

A lot of factors come into consideration when a new real estate consumer is investing in the property for personal use. If you are looking out for a perfect home for your family, you most certainly would want to have all the best class amenities that come with it. The project houses various amenities for the buyers to enjoy such as banquet hall, gymnasium, Indoor play room, and a playground all being closely monitored under constant CCTV surveillance for security measures. Safety and security is what one looks for while purchasing a property. With intelligently designed homes and international style architecture, at Aarambh the developers have also ensured that the fixations used are of top quality. The safe and reliable electrical fixtures from top brands are used during the construction. The floor to floor height is 11.8 ft. and top-quality CP fittings beautify each flat. Their projects look elegant and are sturdy. Ethics in business is their principle and they aim to provide the best value to their customers.

Satellite Group has been in the business of developing Mumbai real estate since the 70s, and they could not be more proud of the fact that they are now inching closer to their half century in 2020. Satellite Group believes that trust, transparency and confidence in delivery are the key drivers of value in real estate development due to the enormous risks that consumers have had to face while buying their dream homes in the past.