---
title: Provident Park Square - A World Class Residential Project
date: 2020-10-05 16:37:00 +05:30
tags:
- first time home buying
- new home
- properties in bangalore
- provident group
---

Provident Park Square is a recently launched residential project by Provident Housing in Bengaluru. This project is strategically located in the Judicial Layout on Kanakapura Road. This project is a perfect example of the term premium on a budget. It is spread across 20 acres of land surrounded by greenery and beautiful environment. This project is unique on its own with an elegant and sophisticated touch and as a result you will enjoy every moment you spend here. The space is filled with a calm atmosphere that is your own to witness. This residential project promises a luxury and yet a simple lifestyle for you to follow with all the prime amenities closer to you. The idea behind this is to make your life more comfortable and easy and offer all the facilities within an arm’s reach.

Kanakapura road is one of the major roads connecting Bangalore to the town of Kanakapura spanning 55 kms to the south of Bangalore. This area is very well known for its rapid infrastructural development and its proximity to the NICE ring road which is merely 5 kms away. The international airport is only 45 kms away. This area is far away from the daily noise of a metropolis and offers a quiet and peaceful environment and as a result this location is one of the most sought after choices among the home buyers. The connectivity to this area will be further enhanced with the introduction of the Namma Metro Phase 2 extending 6.2 kms from Konankunte to Majestic having a station here at Kanakapura. One more reason for this location to be one of the best for buying a home is that it has all the necessary social amenities nearby. You can find many civic amenities nearby which includes renowned hospitals like Vasan Eye Care, Apollo, Fortis, and Sri Sai Ram, Delhi Public School, K S School of Engineering and Management, Ritu Hospital, City Engineering College, Malls and other health care centres are within a radius of 10 kms. The upcoming Peripheral Ring Road (PRR) will connect Kanakapura Road to Tumkur Road, Old Madras Road, and Hosur Road. Thus all these factors contribute to the growth of real estate in this area.

[Provident Park Square by Provident Housing](https://homecapital.in/property/676/Provident-Park-Square-2-BHK) consists of 18 towers with 14 floors each and comprises 2082 units. You will find all kinds of amenities inside the project just as you found outside. It offers luxurious amenities such as a banquet hall, basketball court, convenience stores, cultural club, football field, fully fledged gymnasium, micro mall, paw park for our four legged friends, pool table, squash court, table tennis and more.

Kanakapura Road is located in the South quadrant of Bangalore and is the hottest destination in terms of investment. This along with excellent connectivity to the major IT parks and all social infrastructure, Kanakapura Road offers excellent appreciation potential, in comparison to its neighbours. Kanakapura Road has also been boosted by the development of projects like Godrej Elite, Prestige Falcon City, Godrej Eternity, Rohan Akriti and Sobha The Park and The Plaza. The real estate trends are soaring with every passing day and year in Kanakapura road and it will continue to grow in the days to come.

With a mission to provide affordable housing, Provident Group - a subsidiary of Puravankara Limited - believes in their capability to deliver top quality homes on time. They craft premium homes with all the luxurious amenities to offer the best lifestyle so that you can return to your home and forget about the worries that you face all day. Currently, Provident Housing Group has eleven projects in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Coimbatore and Mangalore. The eleven projects together provide about 15 million square feet of living space. The configuration mix is one, two and three bedroom apartment with premium features and world class amenities.