---
title: Godrej Vananta - A Luxury Township of Dreams
date: 2020-09-28 17:23:00 +05:30
---

Ahmedabad has long been a prominent choice for residential property buyers. The city tempts residents from several parts of the country. If you are wishing to buy a first-class apartment in this estate, you should check out the luxury amenities in [Godrej Vananta](https://homecapital.in/property/178/Godrej-Vananta-1.5-BHK) at Garden City Ahmedabad. This project brings you a wide range of modern amenities, including lawns, sand pits, kids play area, well-equipped gym, recreational zone and much more. Home-seekers from other cities are interested in buying these Apartments. The demand for spacious apartments in Ahmedabad is high. This project comes with 1.5 BHK apartments.

The amenities include a multipurpose hall, gym, swimming pool, indoor games room, senior citizens corner, and much more. It also comes with covered parking facilities. The demand for Residential property in SG Highway has been increasing over the years. If you are interested in purchasing one of these apartments, this is the right opportunity to purchase. You will enjoy the blissful venture that has been developed close to nature. People who love to stay close to nature should get an apartment in Godrej Vananta SG Highway Jagatpur Ahmedabad. The complex has several parks and landscaped gardens. You can relax in nature during your leisure hours. Godrej Properties have come up with floor plans that enable the occupant to get a serene view of greenery from their apartments.

Godrej Garden City is one of the self-sufficient residential township projects in Ahmedabad. It has over 13,000 apartments, villas and row houses where you live a comfortable life surrounded by the best of social infrastructure at Ahmedabad's first of its kind self-sufficient township. Homes where you can breathe purer air and be surrounded with 13000 trees as well as relaxing temperature differences of 15%. Live in homes that have everything you need to live a comfortable and luxurious life. Every home at Vananta is thoughtfully-designed and covers various aspects that you might need when living here. With township amenities right within walking distance from home, you will never feel the need to go farther than 5 minutes for any daily necessity.

The strategic location of the project is one of the key reasons for the high demand for property in Pune City. Located in Jagatpur, Ahmedabad the Vananta at Godrej Garden City is on the northwest side of the city. It is located off SG Highway, Ahmedabad the inhabitant can get access to a number of reputed schools, Institutions, shopping malls, banks, restaurants, multiplexes, hospitals and many more. Jagatpur locality is well connected to the roadways and railways network which is only 12 km away from the project. Bus stops are also located nearby which connects this city to other localities. Various residential projects are going on at this location in which some are completed which are ready to move and some are about to complete. People looking for a perfect blend of class and luxury should buy an apartment in this complex.

Come home to an address ready to offer lifetime happiness to you & your loved ones, come home to the most opulent villas in Ahmedabad.