---
title: Belmac Riverside by Supreme Holdings
date: 2020-09-25 17:38:00 +05:30
---

Supreme Holdings is a leading Real Estate developer that delivers an idyllic lifestyle, weaving together intelligent features and smart conveniences. Their Mega Townships in Mumbai and Pune offer 50+ World Class Amenities. Spread across 11 acres of scenic landscape with 75% open space, they believe in promoting sustainable living to enhance your lifestyle.

[Belmac Riverside](https://homecapital.in/property/257/belmac-riverside-1-bhk) is a true blend of manmade architecture and natural landscape. It offers up to 2,40,000 sq.ft of open space that contains lush green gardens, soccer fields, and more sit out areas combined with riverfront open space. Such scenic beauty is a true treat to the eyes, every single moment. This project enjoys excellent connectivity with major transportation hubs such as Panvel Railway Station which is just 3 km away, Navi Mumbai International Airport at a distance of 5 km plus NMMT bus stop and a major highway is just a few steps away. New Panvel is the well known place of Navi Mumbai. It is an excellent location with all the basic facilities like schools, colleges, hospitals are nearby. Road connectivity is also good at this location.

Major industrial hubs namely Patalganga, Taloja, Badlapur are within a range of 3-6 km. Apart from this, the landmarks of daily necessities such as schools, colleges, hospitals, markets, and malls are within a range of 1.5 km. The most fun part is that the major holiday destinations are also in the near vicinity which includes Matheran, Lonavala, Alibaug, etc. Belmac Riverside is a well-designed residential project with ample open space for everyone. The young ones are provided with playing fields for cricket, soccer, and tennis. For the elders, there is a big open lawn and seating areas. There’s also a swimming pool right beside the river due its close proximity. With more than 20+ World Class Amenities in and around your doorstep, Belmac Riverside truly promises you a lifestyle blended with health, happiness, and success.

The developers have put their thought into the exterior facilities as much as they have given to the interior. You have 24x7 security, home safety measurements, anti-skid flooring, eco-friendly fittings, an earthquake-resistant structural design. Belmac Riverside is a complete package of modern lifestyle as well as closeness to nature. It is truly a place to Rejuvenate, A place to connect and A place to LIVE!! Supreme Holdings believes that change is the only constant. They not only develop great products, but also consistently innovate. Taking pride in all the products and services offered to their clients, they only participate in those markets where they make a significant contribution. Instead of focusing on a thousand projects, they focus on the few meaningful ones that they encourage. Believing in focused collaboration of their group's initiatives allow them to reinforce the emphasis on creative revolution. Visionary thought-process, courage to change and the drive to innovate are all the tools of their trade. Disregarding the complex, they believe in simplicity yet settle for nothing but the best.