---
title: PeninsulaLand AddressOne - Your Address of Luxury
date: 2020-09-15 16:47:00 +05:30
---

Finding low budget homes in a city is a daunting task for most of the people. Best class homes are what everyone wants that fits all the needs. Peninsula AddressOne is a gift to those people who desire best in the class segment with modern development. It is located on the bank of the Mumbai- Pune Express Highway on the Gahunje Road. This location is an ideal choice for such real estate development because of its connections to major economic hubs including Hinjewadi, Talegaon-Chakan Industrial areas and other regions under MIDC.

[PeninsulaLand AddressOne](https://homecapital.in/property/15/peninsula-land-addressone-1-bhk) is a planned infrastructure with a theme offering both the residential and commercial zones of all the income group of people an extravagant lifestyle with all the modern amenities. The landmark project offers spacious multi-functional apartments having ample exposure to natural air and sunlight. The other features provided to the residents are a clubhouse, swimming pool, indoor sports area, gym, jogging track, and much more. It also has a day to day stores, 24 hours security system to live a peaceful life. Other amenities within a close proximity are malls, schools, hospitals, ATMs, banks etc. The Gahunje Road is connected to the Pimpri Chinchwad Pune railway station and the Pune Airport as well. All of these at a very affordable price for the income of all classes.

Peninsula Address One allocates living spaces where every detail revolves around your need and lifestyle. Premium apartments, lavish interiors and beautiful outdoors. This project is a mix of luxury and exclusivity, and the ultimate great living. At AddressOne the undertaking is to give you the best of everything – from space to movable to finishing. Here you will find the feel of beauty blend, with premium comforts. It's not a habitat that evokes envy. It’s an abode that instills pride.

AddressOne is at a close proximity to many proposed upcoming infrastructure such as Upcoming Mall at Aundh Ravet BRT Road by Nirmaan Group, Pune Metro Phase 3 from Shivaji Nagar to Hinjewadi, Pune Metro Phase 1 from Swargate to Nigdi, Upcoming Airport at Navi Mumbai, near the centre of Pune’s thriving IT industry. This project also offers comfort and easy life to its residents in the form of best in class amenities such as Aggregate area of recreational Open Space, Community Buildings, Electrical Meter Room, Sub-Station, Receiving Station, Energy management, Internal Roads & Footpaths, Landscaping & Tree Planting, Open Parking, Sewerage (Chamber, Lines, Septic Tank , STP), Solid Waste Management And Disposal, Storm Water Drains, Street Lighting, Treatment And Disposal Of Sewage And Sullage Water. You also get 24Hrs Water Supply, Cycling Track, Landscaped Garden, Rain Water Harvesting, Swimming Pool, CCTV Surveillance, Football field, Indoor Games room, Cricket Court, Play Area, and a Senior Citizen Park.

Peninsula Land is a part of the renowned Ashok Piramal Group. It is known for creating international landmarks that redefine India’s skyline. It is an integrated real estate company with a diverse portfolio comprising retail ventures, world-class commercial projects, and residential complexes. The company has developed many landmark projects and strives to become a PAN India company by bringing real value and expertise to the real estate industry. It is amongst the first real estate companies to be listed on the stock exchange. Marching steadfast, building trust one brick after another, Peninsula is known for creating projects of international repute. With the development and planning of 20 million sq.ft. of real estate in less than a decade since their inception in 1997, they continue to bring real value and expertise to the real estate industry. PeninsulaLand is known for their professional corporate management, international landmarks and value additions. Due to the varied nature of their projects, they possess thorough knowledge of key issues and challenges of developing properties. Peninsula's stronghold is visible in Western India - having established a solid footing in Mumbai, they are now spreading into other parts of India.