---
title: Ramky One Karnival - Live Life to the Fullest
date: 2020-09-14 16:18:00 +05:30
---



Ramky One Karnival is the new standard in luxury living and contemporary design. A striking residential landmark that offers an unparalleled level of modern-day amenities. It is truly an address created to celebrate those little moments that tell you an unforgettable life story. Imagine being a resident here, where you can choose to bring alive a unique experience, every day. A weekend game of cricket with friends or perhaps a weekday rush of adrenaline with friends on the basketball court. For those in search of a little more tranquillity, it offers inspiration through its lush landscapes and expansive views that are just what you need to lead you into the artful interiors of a well-appointed home. This might well be the perfect abode to let your story unfold.

Electronic City Phase 1 is a major technology hub situated in south Bengaluru. It is home to many IT multinational companies and is one of the busiest places in Bengaluru, employing a large workforce across several IT parks and corporate campuses. Situated to the west of Hosur Road, the locality is surrounded by Electronic City Phase 2, Doddathoguru, Bettadasanapura village and Shikaripalya village. This area has a mix of multi-storey apartment, villa projects and plotted developments. Electronic city is one of the most prominent employment hubs in the city that has campus offices of technology companies such as Infosys, Wipro, DXY Technology, HCL Technologies, Genpact, Siemens, etc. Key technology parks situated here include Wipro Technologies Campus, Infosys Campus, Salarpuria Infozone and Cyber Park, among several others. Reputed educational institutions include DPS Electronic City, Sorsfort International School, ISBR Business School and International Institute of Information Technology. Several grocery shops, hypermarkets, eateries, cafes, salons, fitness centres and banks, are situated within the locality along the internal roads of Velankani Drive and Neeladri Road. Moreover, popular malls such as Gopalan Innovation Mall in JP Nagar and Forum Mall in Koramangala, are 30-35 minutes away from the locality.

[Ramky One Karnival](https://homecapital.in/property/477/ramky-one-karnival--3-bhk) in Electronic City is meticulously designed with unbound convenience & the best of amenities and are an effortless blend of modernity and elegance. The builders of Ramky One Karnival understands the aesthetics of a perfectly harmonious space called ‘Home’, that is why the floor plan of Ramky One Karnival offers a unique blend of spacious as well as well-ventilated rooms. Ramky One Karnival, is a sprawling luxury enclave of magnificent Apartments in Bangalore, elevating the contemporary lifestyle. These Residential Apartments in Bangalore offers you the kind of life that rejuvenates you, the one that inspires you to live life to the fullest.

Since its inception in 1994, the Hyderabad-based Ramky Group has been developing projects that positively impact both the environment and the economy. Ramky Estates & Farms Limited constantly strive to create spaces with a subtle design that are filled with warmth, comfort and luxury. In the past 25+ years, they have maintained a proven track record of creating world-class projects encompassing the whole gamut of the real estate covering residential, commercial and integrated townships. Apart from delivering several million sqft of residential & commercial spaces, Ramky Estates has nearly 18 million sqft in the pipeline. The company invites you to experience the Ramky way of life – living it to the fullest.