---
title: Runwal MyCity - Vista City
date: 2020-09-23 17:36:00 +05:30
---

Runwal My City-Vista City is a residential project in Dombivli, beyond Thane. The project provides residences with the ideal mix of modern architecture and relaxed living amenities. Runwal MyCity is an expansive integrated township built around the needs and desires of its future residents. Sprawling across 156 acres, the township is planned to construct residential clusters in multiple phases over the years. You can choose from 1 BHK, 2 BHK, and 3 BHK flats in Dombivli. The development features a sports complex spread over 8 acres, central greens spread over 6 acres, 32 acres of green spaces across the entire township, along with a healthcare facility and educational institute.

[Runwal MyCity - Vista City](https://homecapital.in/property/497/runwal-mycity---vista-city-2-bhk) is spread across approx. 8.5 acres, Vista City has a lavish 1.7 acres of open space for you to enjoy. Vista City has 10 majestic towers, packed with every amenity. Vista City has everything you seek. From multi-level parking to state-of-the-art elevators, and a fitness centre to a kids’ play area, you will have the very best of everything. Vista city provides best in class amenities such as Yoga Deck, Jogging Track, Swimming Pool, Dedicated Parking, Skating Rink, Multi-Purpose Court, Children’s Play Area, Indoor Games Area, Outdoor Gym, Senior Citizen Space, Health Spa, Pool Deck, Lawn Seating, Kids Zones, Sports Zone, Seating Areas, Cricket Pitch, Amphitheatre, Kids Pool, Indoor kids Play Area, Gymnasium, Main Pool, Party Hall, Youth Corner, Club House, and Lawns.

This project is within 5Kms from Dombivli, 3Kms from Diva, 2Kms, from Kopar and 2 Kms from Dativalis (on panvel-Diva- Vasai Corridor), 30 minutes from upcoming International Airport. It is well connected to business districts of CBD Belapur, Airoli and Thane. Situated at the centre of the economic triangle of navi Mumbai, Thane & Kalyan, and a subway tunnel proposed to connect Katai Toll to Airoli.

Established in 1978, Runwal is one of Mumbai’s premier real estate developers, operating in the residential, commercial and organized retails verticals. With a robust track record of 51 delivered projects with over 20 thousand Happy families, it has continuously driven to keep the ‘customer’ as a focal point in the designing, planning and construction of all its projects. Runwal has also been awarded as the “Star Realty – Lords of the Land award” for its excellence in the field of real estate along with other accolades such as the ‘CNBC AWAAZ Real Estate Award’ & the ‘Retail Property of the Year’, just to name a few. Today, the Group’s steadfast focus on 'quality' has led it to become an industry leader and a market-driven construction company renowned for trust and quality, along with on-time delivery.